so we've of course been covering here
the truly spectacular way in which the
media has covered tar reads allegations
against Joe Biden and Col Wallace had a
moment that caught our eye now of course
you'll recall we covered her previously
incredibly cringy interview with Joe
Biden so you've seen that here here is
her latest talking about the tar Reid
allegations
let me just fit hiss to having once been
a part of the Republican Party the right
isn't running an intellectually honest
operation to get to the bottom of
whether Tara Reid was victimized the
right is running a smear campaign
against Joe Biden the right wants to
create some sort of equal playing field
how much Donald Trump's more than two
dozen or nearly two dozen accusers sort
of have some company on the other side
the right is not running the same
operation that the Democrats are running
which is to try to as you just
articulated Andrea have some consistency
around statements that I think just
about every elected Democrat has made
yes a consistency it's a right-wing
smear campaign by the likes of Katie
Halper and in reporters like rich McHugh
and Ryan Grimm who Brian of course is
the one who broke the Christine Blasi
for it's just so rich again the gall of
a woman who worked for an administration
who smeared anyone who dissented from
the Iraq war as unpatriotic she knows
all about about a real talk about a real
smear campaign made people's lives in DC
who were ruined because they dared talk
about a speak out against the Iraq war
in the Republican Party in 2004 these
people did anything they could marry
them because if they dare dissent from
the foreign policy consents I mean let
me give her let me grant her this yes
she's right
Republicans the Trump campaign they're
not honest actors here of course they
want to use this and weaponize it and
muddy the well of course they absolutely
that is the case but to look at what
Democrats are doing and be like oh but
they're just straight factors here
they're trying to be consistent please
please all these people who are out
there out front with belief women and
meet you and even Joe Biden himself we
have to believe the essence of what they
say Stacey
all these people Kamala Harris she
really made a name for herself during
those Bratz Cavanaugh hearings and now
it's just I believe Jo rather than I
believe women is I believe Jo so to
think in the in this is where you know
so much of the media is so dishonest
they have their team and they don't see
any flood these these are the good guys
they're acting in good faith they don't
have any political motivations they're
just trying to search for the truth
give me a break like people see that
that is completely ridiculous and to
your point to pretend like these
allegations were like just created by
the right as some smear tactic look you
all are the ones who put Joe Biden in
place you saw that what was on the video
his track record in terms of his
treatment of women there were some of us
who tried to warn you that this would be
a problem if you're trying to run a like
moral values soul of the nation campaign
against Donald Trump and your own closet
does not clean you're gonna have
problems I mean this was incredibly
predictable they're feminists who talked
about this too like we tried to warn you
that this was going to be an issue if
you wanted to make a clear moral case
against Donald Trump but it was people
like Nicole Wallace and MSNBC who
propped up Joe who anointed him who made
him the candidate and now you're dealing
with the fallout
yeah and she fond all over him that
cringe-worthy interview and at the same
time look I mean this is a growing this
is a growing idea on the establishment
left that like this is some sort of
smear campaign Lindy Lee she is a
delegate for the Joe Biden 2020 campaign
she's at a controversial pass she
tweeted over the weekend that she wants
the FBI to basically investigate Ryan
grim and Katie halper she's saying yeah
and Nathan Robinson for their role in
this quote fraud Tara or whatever your
actual name is you have gravely harmed
real hashtag me to survivors believe
Biden I believe Jo Tara Reid is a liar I
mean there it is it's out in the open
now look I'm not saying that this
represents a mainstream view of the of
the establishment Democratic Party or of
Joe Biden but actually if you go on I
mean I saw Deborah what's her name Debra
Messing she's like yeah actor/actress I
guess I didn't die do you know who she
was but she tweeted out so I'm like the
crashing Steen brothers and
medium.com article about some fake news
on Tara Reid stealing money from a
non-profit I mean this is the depths in
the of what the if people have sank to
and once again at the time on crit there
were by the way there were fringe right
people saying this stuff about Christine
Bazzi for it and it was it should be
condemned but there were NBC News in New
York Times all these we look at this
smear campaign against Christine bazi
for it who's coming to Tara Reid's
defense here they don't care they're
hypocritical actors all the care
power-hungry people Wallace told me
they're just seeking the truth and that
is what kills me again it's like we're
talking a lot about george w bush today
on the show is the woman who ran point
for george w bush in 2004 when the war
was going you know terribly and smearing
and selling this lie to americans as
thousands of Americans were died and
maimed that is what kills me yes and by
the way if we can put in by the way
literally ended up deleting this tweet
of course she does not go over
particularly well but if we can put it
back up it also disgusts me this whole
like Oh terror or whatever your name
actually is she changed her name because
she was a victim of domestic violence
like how disgusting and gross do you
have to beat him and this was not just
by the way lyndie who's you know sort of
been the the Biden campaign is trying to
distance themselves as fast as possible
but there were a mana mark cut made sure
to include her in her piece that she had
changed her name without offering any of
the context around that just to sort of
make her seem sketchy and sleazy and
like there was something weird and
mysterious here there's nothing
mysterious about it you could ask her
about it if you wanted to but no as we
know for over a month no one in TV news
even wanted to talk to her even wanted
to put her to camera to interview her
and vet her as they claimed to want to
and that's the ruler and you know at the
same time by they're the one maybe
they're the ones who need to be
investigated yeah right hey Biden is out
here talking about a free press and all
free press essentially this is corporate
media boot looking that's really what it
is because it took me by the way
everybody loved this statement of course
oh my god finally somebody running it's
because he stands up and for their
interests or people like Nicole Wallace
MSN
you see they want to go back to the days
where they were the kings of the White
House press briefing room and had all
this backroom access into the White
House under the Obama administration and
it was basically like a chummy old time
that's what they want and that's what
this whole all this empty rhetoric this
is what it's all about it's all about
maintaining this circle of power and
MSNBC and CNN and everybody else who's
working to protect Tara Joe Biden from
Tara Reed yeah this is what they're
trying to protect is their access to the
grift inside the Biden image she wants
the kind of free press that'll go a
month without asking him one single
question on the allegations yeah and
then before he actually gets asked about
it remember ever somebody like sent out
a press weed so that people can know
that this was gonna happen and they give
them a heads up that we're gonna ask you
these questions do you think you would
get treated that way do you think we
would get treated that way do you think
that anyone else gets that kind of true
like heads up we're gonna ask you some
tough questions about this come on
that's the kind of free press that he
said all right that's the free press he
wants all right more rising for you
after those